you guys see that new Bentley hatchback
no no all right what we're going to tell
you about it also Russian assigns a deal
to bring Formula One racing to one of
their Black Sea cities and a berth takes
a new approach to tuning building cars
that weren't originally Italian
jukeboxes I'll be talking about all that
stuff plus commenter of the week sort of
howdy everybody I'm Derek t you're
watching a show called fast lane daily
episode 955 a thousands getting close
guys will be doing something special
Bentley a brand that you'd most
ordinarily associated with rich british
folks smoking cigars and 12 jackets just
recently revealed a facelift for the
Continental GT fun right no oh nice the
brand is expanded since being bought up
by the Volkswagen Group but never in our
wildest dreams but we think that they'd
expand downward Auto Express is
reporting today that Bentley is planning
a new entry-level vehicle for their
portfolio a hatchback yep Bentley is
looking to take the third generation
aluminum spaceframe found in the new
audi a8 may seven and create a four-door
coupe hatch that will target to aston
martin rapide and porsche panamera Auto
Express has these exclusive renderings
what this car may look like which will
sit below the Continental and mossad if
made the new car will share a lot of
tech without II including the new four
liter turbo v8 pricing you ask well we
don't know not cheap though I can tell
you that everything is still speculation
what auto express does say the British
company is indeed working on the project
internally that means inside now we get
to some f1 news Russia has reached a
deal with f1 management to bring the
premier racing series to the Russian
city of Sochi by 2014 the Russian Prime
Minister former President Vladimir Putin
and Bernie Ecclestone signed the
Official deal which would bring Formula
one cars to the Black Sea coastal city
for at least seven years the Russian
government Russia's biggest mobile phone
provider megaphone and oil giant lukoil
are all committed to investing over 200
million bucks as part of the deal with
hopes of bringing a Russian f1 team of
the series by the inaugural race sochi
is considered to be the sporting capital
of the country but this new deal would
require the city to construct a new
Grand Prix track the goal is to attract
new tourism to the country thanks to a
reported worldwide TV viewership of 600
million per race for f1 for comparison
the past Super Bowl had 106 million
viewers in the US and about 250 million
worldwide so f1 Bernie's pet project for
taking over the world
600 million that's a lot of people and
in today's internet rumor mill we've got
news from road and track that we could
see an abarth coupe as soon as 2013 a
brand most noted for its Fiat
performance packages even some rebodied
cars a bart has seen an unexpected
resurrection in the past few years
thanks to the lease up to 500 abarth 500
has been around since 2008 and used in
the race of champions and even has its
own spec series now an attempt to grow
the brand further there are rumors that
a Barnes would have their own purpose
built car we heard the speedster version
of the 500 but that vaporware soon
disappeared now we've got word that the
Italian tuner is speaking to the
Austrian motorcycle builder KTM the
reason he Barth wants to take the KTM
crossbow chassis and drivetrain re body
it and sell it as their own custom coupe
the business case is still being
developed but rumors are the price tag
for the Abarth coupe will be around 75
thousand bucks this means making the
expo street legal in the US a barn
here's ten bucks well just get out Tim
bust gimme ten honey I think I do but no
keep it I'm on it see I got a 50 m 10 ok
hey bar here's ten bucks say hi to your
mother for all right that's a bad throw
hey by the way you guys know what time
it is come out of the week time Germans
get it calmense because I now this week
we didn't pick a specific comment
because there were so many comments
about the bet between jf and I if you're
just tuning in last week I spoke about
how jf hates new Camaro and how I like
the new Camaro we and by we I mean fast
lane daily wrote 2 comments one saying
you were with jf and once saying you're
with me then we told you two thumbs up
the comment that you agreed with well
some asshats kept decided to mark our
common
as spam so even though I'm pretty sure I
was clearly beating jf yes I was we have
decided to do this another way okay so
if you like the Camaro write in the
comments I'm with Derek D with your own
username if you don't like the Camaro
right I'm with jf as we said last week
if i win i'll get to shave james head in
the middle of Times Square if jf wins
I'll have to stand on a table in the
middle of Times Square and proclaim to
the world that I have the biggest
douchebag alive and I think the Camaro
is the best car ever made ok of course
I'm not really a douchebag but anyway
let's get this right this time guys all
right we're gonna add up each comment
and that's how we'll get the winner and
please let's get that rat's nest off j/s
head you're very loving I still got 20
knocks on Derek all right thanks and we
will announce the winner next week
sometime probably monday or tuesday ok
let's get it right this time people stop
spamming the comments well that's it for
fascinating gallery today I'm Derek D
and I haven't said this in a while but
if you're watching and you're not
subscribed do me a favor and just hit
the subscribe button if you're watching
on YouTube I believe it's right here so
just click right here no pretty sure
it's right here yeah used to be over
there and how about them giants alright
for all your jets fans you guys should
pretty stoked yourselves all right
almost did but I did just just up there
I played yeah I don't know talk to yes
tomorrow
a bar 500 has been around since 2008 and
used in the race of champions and even
has its own spec series now an attempt
to grow the brand further there are
rumors that a bars would be what about
the business case is still being
developed but rumors are the price tag
for the living in the fast lane